fight against him then it has been a
constant of the farmers where the
presence of the predator is numerous
as is the case of castilla and león 'mine
Well now an alternative has emerged
for the defense of the cattle the donkeys
it's about a European project that drives
the use of donkeys to protect from
canids to extensive ranching
Castile and León concentrates almost 60% of
the logos of all spain what has
provoked in recent years
important clashes with farmers
which have seen the number of
attacks causing significant losses
now a European project proposes the use
of the donkeys to avoid the attacks if
well the habitat directive saw that
the wolf was a protected species to the south
of the duero today we could also see how
a kind of extinction in livestock
extensive every time there are less livestock
therefore you have to look for these measures
palliative
the farmer can put the walls he has
had always in namibia they are
using for many years and in
the attacks are of brown leopard
and now here many times it will be used
to carry the backpack but also the
young donkeys have that perception that
many times cattle do not have the
imminent danger to the image of a
donkey attacking is crouching the ears
backwards crouching the snout here is
make up the ground and move forward and hit
with your hands and then it is very scandalous
the donkey when he feels a sensation of
danger of harassment emits braying
as warning the rest of the thing
is bad about this they know a lot ismael and
manuel two cattle farmers zamoranos that for
family tradition they always used the
ass as protector of their kings all the
life my father already used the donkey to
the prevention of the wolf because the donkey
the donkey if you let him sleep in the
field like the cows at night and such
because it has a lot especially ear
and the smell and what the donkey does
when it is in the field it is to catch and
tell the cows hundreds of the cows
well then it is a field loss
would be for for one thousand five hundred euros or
two thousand euros is the solution in the
solution to have works the solution for
less than not that wolf does not attack the cows
It is a proposal to reduce
the attacks of the wolf but also a
exit for donkey races like the
camera not Leon until recently in
danger of extinction an option
future for this race of which
there are currently only a thousand registered
copies